I will now show you
how to implement RNNs.
I'll be talking
about scan functions
which are just like
abstract RNNs,
and they allow for
faster computation.
What are scan functions and
how do you implement them?
To do this, I will show you
how the function scan is
implemented in TensorFlow for
computing the forward
pass in RNNs,
the scan function
is designed to take
a function fn and apply
it to all of the elements from
the beginning to the
end in the list elems.
Initializer is an
optional variable that
could be used in the
first computation of fn.
Now take this RNN,
where fn is equivalent to fw,
elems is the list with
all the input x^t,
and the initializer is
the hidden state, h^t_0.
The scan function
first initializes
the hidden state as h^t_0,
and sets the ys which
store the prediction
values as an empty list.
Then for every x in the
list of elements fn is
called with x and
the value of the last
hidden states is arguments.
This for loop computes
every time step of
the RNN and stores
the values of the prediction
in hidden states.
Finally, the function
returns the list of
predictions and the
last hidden state.
You might think this function
is unnecessary because it is
essentially a for loop
through every time
step of the RNN.
However, frameworks like
TensorFlow need this type
of abstraction in order
to perform parallel
computations,
and run on GPUs.
I showed you how the scan
function is defined in
TensorFlow to mimic
how RNNs work.
It is important to know
that these types of
abstractions are needed for
deep learning frameworks,
because they allow them to use
GPUs and compute in parallel.